https://codepen.io/PHONGdotTECH/pen/vYYeNdw


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        
        HTML with meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

        HTML is the content of a website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

        An attribute is a style that is applied to a selector in a CSS file.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    
        The h1 tag is used for something that is the most important thing on a page such as a title, it is used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    
        An anchor tag and image tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    
        Information that is needed by the web browser but not meant to be shown on a website is put in the head of HTML documents.

    7. What is an id? 
    
        An id is an identifier used by web browsers to identify certain parts of the HTML.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    
        Any element can have an id.
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    
        An id can be (should be?) used once.
    
    10. What is a class? 
    
        A class is a group or category of like-elements.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    
        Any element can be a class.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    
        A class can be used on multiple elements.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    
        Adding the attribute target="_blank" will open a link in a new tab.
    
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    
        The alt attribute is used for naming an image. It provides alternative information for an image.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    
        You reference an id by using #idName
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    
        The differences between section and divs are semantics. 
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    
        CSS is used for styling a website.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    
        Elements are selected by just using the element name.
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    
        The difference between a class and id is that an id can only be used once. You might use an id for chapter 4 of a book, while you might use class for chapters in general.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    
        .classname{}
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    
        p .human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    
        A parent child selector is a selector that specifies which selector you are referencing. This would be useful to specifically target a selector.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    
        div .sidebar 
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    
        A pseudo selector selects specific parts of an element.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    
        Space between lines is changed with the line-height attribute.
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    
        Spacing between letters is changed with the letter-spacing attribute.
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    
        The text-transform attribute with values: capitalize, lowercase, and uppercase.
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    
        div {border: dotted black 1px}
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    
        With the * selector.
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    
        /*A comment begins with a forward slash and asterisk, and a comment ends with an asterisk and forward slash*/
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    
        You can fin dout what directory you are in by using the pwd command.
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    
        ls -al
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    
        "rm filename" without the quotes removes a file. This permanently deletes a file.
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    
        To keep a log and versions of a project.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    
        Commiting should be done every time a big enough change happens.
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    
        git push origin branchname
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

        Fork a project, add a collaborator, clone a project, make any change if necessary, add any changes to be committed, commit the changes with a message, push the commits to github, 
        add a reviewer (our TL) for a pull request and submit for merging.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
    
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    
    
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 